  With this project, I did learn some new skills. One of the first skills was how to properly add objects in a 3d scene without them feeling out of place. Throughout the project, I would alter the placement of the objects in the scene to ensure that they would fit properly. After working through the project, I followed a more iterative design process. I will make the changes and deploy them. Upon looking at the changes, I would then tweak them to get them correct. When looking at how I approached designing the program I can see some approaches I can use in the future. Using the iterative approach of documenting the changes and working through them helped a lot in ensuring that I had my objects placed properly.
  While working through the course, some of the new strategies I used were iterative design. Instead of trying to complete all the objectives at once for the program, I would iterate throughout the program. Iteration was a large part of the design for my project. Through iteration, it helped me ensure that I didn’t have a large chunk of code written that may not work properly. At the beginning of the project, I would try to do the complete project or milestone at once. I noticed that whenever I had an issue it was difficult to diagnose the issue. Through working with iterative design, I was able to ensure that if a small change broke something I could figure that problem out.
  Computational graphics can be used in certain classes that we will be taking. Understanding how to use 3d visualizations can help me to demonstrate how a model learns. I can show how a reinforcement algorithm improved throughout its learning through an easily digestible visualization. I would say that this would also apply to a professional pathway. Being able to show how a model learns or is able to use it when creating a UI for an application.
